Helm: inject the no_auth_tenant as default in nginx (#2614)
grafana/mimir: operations/helm/charts/mimir-distributed/CHANGELOG.md

* [ENHANCEMENT] Add `namespace` to smoke-test helm template to allow the job to be deployed within the same namespace as the rest of the deployment. #2515
* [ENHANCEMENT] Memberlist now uses DNS service-discovery by default. #2549 #2561
* [ENHANCEMENT] The Mimir configuration parameters `server.http_listen_port` and `server.grpc_listen_port` are now configurable in `mimir.structuredConfig`. #2561

> * [ENHANCEMENT] Default to injecting the `no_auth_tenant` into `X-Scope-OrgID` via nginx. #2614

Reviewer: idk, this seems clearer, but is a nitpick

```suggestion
* [ENHANCEMENT] Default to injecting the `no_auth_tenant` from the Mimir configuration as the value for `X-Scope-OrgID` in nginx. #2614
```
